Setting Policies and Setting Up Users Active Directory
1.	Boot Up
2.	Create New Accounts
    a.	Click Start
    b.	Search “Active Directory Users and Computers”
    c.	In the Left Side Expand <MACHINE NAME> > Users
    d.	Create A New User (Admin – Depending On Groups)
        i.	Right Click In White Space
        ii.	Select New -> User
        iii.Fill Out the Info
            1.	Name and Password
            2.	Make Complex Password!( 8+ Char, 1 cap, 1 lower, 1 number/special)
        iv.	Fill Out the password with appropriate complexity but uncheck needing to change the password at next login
    v.	Finished
    e.	Right Click the User and select Properties
    f.	In the resulting window select the “Member Of” Tab   
    g.	Click Add -> Advanced -> Find Now
    h.	Select the groups you want to add them to
    i.	Then apply your changes
3.	It’s a good idea to log off then log back in using that newly created account
4.	Disable Unneeded accounts
    a.	WARNING: DO NOT REMOVE THE ADMIN OR GUEST ACCOUNTS!
    b.	Open Active Directory
    c.	Navigate to <COMPUTER NAME> -> Users 
    d.	Right click the user and select Disable
5.	Configure the Audit Policy
    a.	Click Start
    b.	Search “Group Policy Management”
    c.	In the left pan navigate to Group Policy Management -> Forest:<SERVERNAME> -> Domains -> <SERVER> -> Group Policy Objects -> Default Domain Policy
    d.	Right click that and select “Edit”
    e.	This will open a new window
    f.	Navigate to Default -> Computer Configuration -> Policies -> Windows Settings -> Security Settings -> Advanced Audit Policy -> Configuration -> Audit Policies
    g.	Now in here you can select the handout and configure it how you would like to
    h.	The following is an example
    i.	Right click a policy and select “Properties”
    j.	The Above Selected Account Logon -> Audit Credential Validation -> Properties
    k.	In the Resulting Window select Configure the following audit events and “Failure”
    l.	For the next in “Account Logon” Select “Audit Other Account Logon Events” and Properties
    m.	Select to log on “Success” and “Failure”
    n.	Configure the “Account Management” Policy
        i.	Properties for “Audit Other Account Management Events”
        ii.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        iii.	Properties for “Audit Security Group Management”
        iv.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        v.	Properties for “Audit User Account Management”
        vi.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
    o.	Configure the “Logon/Logoff” Policy
        i.	Properties for “Audi Account Lockout”
        ii.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        iii.	Properties for “Audit Logoff”
        iv.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        v.	Properties for “Audit Logon”
        vi.	Select “Failure”
        vii.	Properties for “Audit Other Logon/Logoff Events”
        viii.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        ix.	Properties for “Audit Special Logon”
        x.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
    p.	Configure the “Object Access” Policy
        i.	Properties for “Audit Kernel Object”
        ii.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        iii.	Properties for “Audit Other Object Access Events”
        iv.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        v.	Properties for “Audit Registry”
        vi.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        vii.	Properties for “Audit SAM”
        viii.	Select “Failure”
    q.	Configure the “Policy Change” Policy
        i.	Properties for “Audit Audit Policy Change”
        ii.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        iii.	Properties for “Audit Authentication Policy Change”
        iv.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        v.	Properties for “Audit Authorization Policy Change”
        vi.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        vii.	Properties for “Audit Other Policy Change Events”
        viii.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
    r.	Configure “Privilege Use” Policy
        i.	Properties for “Audit Non Sensitive Privilege Use”
        ii.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        iii.	Properties for “Audit Other Privilege Use Events”
        iv.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        v.	Properties for “Audit Sensitive Privilege Use”
        vi.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
    s.	Configure “System” Policy
        i.	Properties for “Audit Other System Events”
        ii.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        iii.	Properties for “Audit Security System Extension”
        iv.	Select “Success” and “Failure”
        v.	Properties for “Audit System Integrity”
        vi.	Select “Failure”
6.	Minimize the Default Domain Policy Window and The Group Policy Management Window
